README.md, before:

# Ebola Tracker

[![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/opentrials/chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/opentrials/chat)
[![Shippable](https://img.shields.io/shippable/5604ab341895ca447417f6fe.svg)](https://app.shippable.com/projects/5604ab341895ca447417f6fe)

A mini app to track trials - [link](https://opentrials-tracker.herokuapp.com/).

## Development

To start development process:
```
$ git clone git@github.com:okfn/opentrials-ebola-tracker.git
$ cd opentrials-ebola-tracker
$ npm install && npm dedup
$ npm run develop
```

## Configuration

The config system uses two sources of settings:
- environment variables e.g. `ACCESS_TOKEN=okfn` (overrides)
- `config.json` in the root of the project e.g. `{"access": {"token": "okfn"}}` (defaults)

To see the current configuration:
```
$ npm run config
```

## Reviewing

The project follow the next style guides:
- [Open Knowledge Coding Standards and Style Guide](https://github.com/okfn/coding-standards)
- [Google JavaScript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javascriptguide.xml)

To check the project against JavaScript style guide:
```
$ npm run review
```

## Building

The project is building automatically using command to start the
development server or at CI/CD server for production. To manually
build the project use:
```
$ npm run build
```

## Testing

To start tests:
```
$ npm run test
```

To start tests with coverage:
```
$ npm run coverage
```

Coverage data will be in the `coverage` directory.

## Deployment

The project uses continous integration and deployment (CI/CD) approach.

To deploy you only have to push your changes to Github:
- changes will be automatically pulled by CI/CD service
- the project will be builded and tested
- the project will be deployed to Heroku

Deployment to Heroku will be done only on master branch on green builds.

> More sofisticated CI/CD strategy with stage/production splitting
is planned for next stages of the project.

To tweak the process use `shippable.yml` ([reference](http://docs.shippable.com/yml_reference/))
file in the root of the project.

Commit message:

Fix/mapping (#60)
* Fix mapping of the spreadsheet tables
* Added travis YAML
* Added coveralls and icon to readme file
* Added dependencies for coveralls
* Install ruby on travis
* Install sass on travis machine
* Install latest ruby version for sass
* Try to fix coveralls integration
* Added coverage badge to readme
* Fix review with jscs
* Set deployment process on successful build

README.md, after:

# Ebola Tracker

[![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/opentrials/chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/opentrials/chat)
[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/opentrials/tracker-ebola.svg?branch=fix%2Fmapping)](https://travis-ci.org/opentrials/tracker-ebola)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/opentrials/tracker-ebola/badge.svg?branch=fix%2Fmapping)](https://coveralls.io/github/opentrials/tracker-ebola?branch=fix%2Fmapping)

A mini app to track trials - [link](https://opentrials-tracker.herokuapp.com/).

## Development

To start development process:
```
$ git clone git@github.com:okfn/opentrials-ebola-tracker.git
$ cd opentrials-ebola-tracker
$ npm install && npm dedup
$ npm run develop
```

## Configuration

The config system uses two sources of settings:
- environment variables e.g. `ACCESS_TOKEN=okfn` (overrides)
- `config.json` in the root of the project e.g. `{"access": {"token": "okfn"}}` (defaults)

To see the current configuration:
```
$ npm run config
```

## Reviewing

The project follow the next style guides:
- [Open Knowledge Coding Standards and Style Guide](https://github.com/okfn/coding-standards)
- [Google JavaScript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javascriptguide.xml)

To check the project against JavaScript style guide:
```
$ npm run review
```

## Building

The project is building automatically using command to start the
development server or at CI/CD server for production. To manually
build the project use:
```
$ npm run build
```

## Testing

To start tests:
```
$ npm run test
```

To start tests with coverage:
```
$ npm run coverage
```

Coverage data will be in the `coverage` directory.

## Deployment

The project uses continous integration and deployment (CI/CD) approach.

To deploy you only have to push your changes to Github:
- changes will be automatically pulled by CI/CD service
- the project will be builded and tested
- the project will be deployed to Heroku

Deployment to Heroku will be done only on master branch on green builds.

> More sofisticated CI/CD strategy with stage/production splitting
is planned for next stages of the project.

To tweak the process use `.travis.yml` file in the root of the project.
